ECalc.Docs/Documentation/functions-U-V-W-X.md, before:

U, V, W, X
---

```
Union(set1, set2)
```

Returns the union of two sets in a new set. In set theory, the union (denoted by ∪) of a collection of sets is the set of all distinct elements in the collection.[1] It is one of the fundamental operations through which sets can be combined and related to each other.

```
Variance(set)
```

In probability theory and statistics, variance measures how far a set of numbers are spread out. A variance of zero indicates that all the values are identical. Variance is always non-negative: a small variance indicates that the data points tend to be very close to the mean (expected value) and hence to each other, while a high variance indicates that the data points are very spread out around the mean and from each other.

An equivalent measure is the square root of the variance, called the standard deviation. The standard deviation has the same dimension as the data, and hence is comparable to deviations from the mean. As standard deviation is often represented with the symbol σ (lowercase sigma), so variance is often represented with the symbol σ² (sigma squared).

This function can only be used on sets.

```
Vect2D(x, y)
```

Creates a two dimensional vector that point from 0,0 to the specified coordinates.

```
Vect3D(x, y, z)
```

Creates a three dimensional vector that point from 0,0,0 to the specified coordinates.

```
Wavelength(frequency)
```

Calculates the wavelength from frequency. The wavelength of a sinusoidal wave is the spatial period of the wave - the distance over which the wave's shape repeats, and the inverse of the spatial frequency. It is usually determined by considering the distance between consecutive corresponding points of the same phase, such as crests, troughs, or zero crossings and is a characteristic of both traveling waves and standing waves, as well as other spatial wave patterns. Wavelength is commonly designated by the Greek letter lambda (λ). The concept can also be applied to periodic waves of non-sinusoidal shape.

```
XL(inductivity, frequency)
```

Calculates the complex AC resistance of an inductor at a given frequency.

```
XC(capacity, frequency)
```

Calculates the complex AC resistance of a capacitor at a given frequency.

Commit message:

Vector to polar and polar to vector conversions

ECalc.Docs/Documentation/functions-U-V-W-X.md, after:

U, V, W, X
---

```
Union(set1, set2)
```

Returns the union of two sets in a new set. In set theory, the union (denoted by ∪) of a collection of sets is the set of all distinct elements in the collection.[1] It is one of the fundamental operations through which sets can be combined and related to each other.

```
Variance(set)
```

In probability theory and statistics, variance measures how far a set of numbers are spread out. A variance of zero indicates that all the values are identical. Variance is always non-negative: a small variance indicates that the data points tend to be very close to the mean (expected value) and hence to each other, while a high variance indicates that the data points are very spread out around the mean and from each other.

An equivalent measure is the square root of the variance, called the standard deviation. The standard deviation has the same dimension as the data, and hence is comparable to deviations from the mean. As standard deviation is often represented with the symbol σ (lowercase sigma), so variance is often represented with the symbol σ² (sigma squared).

This function can only be used on sets.

```
Vect2D(x, y)
```

Creates a two dimensional vector that point from 0,0 to the specified coordinates.

```
Vect3D(x, y, z)
```

Creates a three dimensional vector that point from 0,0,0 to the specified coordinates.

```
VectorToPolar(v)
```

Converts a vector given in Cartesian coordinates to vector values in Polar or Spherical coordinate system based on the vectors dimensions. For more information see:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spherical_coordinate_system
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polar_coordinate_system

```
Wavelength(frequency)
```

Calculates the wavelength from frequency. The wavelength of a sinusoidal wave is the spatial period of the wave - the distance over which the wave's shape repeats, and the inverse of the spatial frequency. It is usually determined by considering the distance between consecutive corresponding points of the same phase, such as crests, troughs, or zero crossings and is a characteristic of both traveling waves and standing waves, as well as other spatial wave patterns. Wavelength is commonly designated by the Greek letter lambda (λ). The concept can also be applied to periodic waves of non-sinusoidal shape.

```
XL(inductivity, frequency)
```

Calculates the complex AC resistance of an inductor at a given frequency.

```
XC(capacity, frequency)
```

Calculates the complex AC resistance of a capacitor at a given frequency.
